You might be also wondering about the security of database credentials which need to be stored somewhere
in your app.
In general, as long as you keep the log in and password as constants in an executable file like something,
be BGP, you're almost safe.
And that's what WordPress does.
The credentials by default are stored as constants in WP config P2P file, which is in the directory.
When you navigate to this file with your web browser, you see nothing because this file doesn't print
anything.
There is no output.
Assigning values to constants isn't going to be visible this way.
There is, however, a risk that, for example, due to server error, an executable file won't execute
and will instead display its contents.
To mitigate this risk, you can do at least three things move the file outside of root directory of
your site or app.
It will be a place unreachable by anonymous clients such as web browsers.
See this example of filesystem structure.
The conflict.
BHP file can't be reached using neither example dot com slash conflict BHP nor.
Example dot com slash to the slash config BHP as its one directory higher than that documents route
path.
It could be, however, written by an attacker if you don't protect your app from path traversal attacks,
which we will discuss later in this course.
For example, in all places where you use file, get contents or include functions without proper path
filtering.
Be careful though, as your folder structure might be more complicated and this might need more attention.
See these example?
None of your domains points to the public email directory and instead you have two directories for two
domains.
Up one example dot com and up to example dot com.
Pointing to up one and up two folders respectively.
So whatever is outside of these folders is outside of the documents routes.
Right.
The config BHP file can't be reached using neither of app one example dot com slash config BHP app one
example dot com slash two dot slash config BHP as it's one directory higher, but it can be reached
with the default client domain or server's IP, which points to the public email folder.
For example, if someone types the AP slash config BHP.
So despite its outside of both of your domains, documents, routes, it's not outside of the server's
document routes.
It needs to be moved, hiring the file structure outside the public HTML folder.
Only then it will prevent direct access from the browser, but it will still be vulnerable for path
traversal attacks.
Another thing you can do is deny access to the config file from the outside.
In aperture, you would need to put that code in the access file in a directory where the config file
resides in this code.
We explicitly imposed the restrictions on this single config BHP file with the files directive.
Of course, the pizza engine will still be able to access the file.
You should also said that strict permissions for the config file.
The permissions can be set, for example, using FTP client.
What you need at minimum is 400.
That will mean only the owner will be able to read the file and anybody else will have no access to
it.
So only the script running by your server will be able to use it but not modify it, and anyone else
will receive a foreign three forbidden error.
If you cannot set such strict permissions, 640 will also work fine.
The important thing is to not give Rich permission to others.
You might wonder why the script doesn't need the execute permission for the owner.
This is because scripts like BHP don't actually need the execute permission to run.
It's needed for binary scripts which BHP are not.
So just read is enough.